Added signatureses limitations to signatures.md (#2025)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeServer/policy-and-compliance/mail-flow-rules/signatures.md

For a complete list of conditions and exceptions that you can use to target the disclaimer, see [Mail flow rule conditions and exceptions (predicates) in Exchange Server](conditions-and-exceptions.md).

## Limitations of organization wide signatures

You can't do the following with Exchange Server signatures:
  

> - Insert the signature directly under the latest email reply or forward

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Insert the signature directly under the latest email reply or forward.
```

> - Display server-side email signatures in users' Sent Items folders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display server-side email signatures in users' Sent Items folders.
```

> - Skip lines which contain variables that couldn't be updated (e.g. because the value wasn't provided for a user)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Skip lines which contain variables that couldn't be updated (for example if the value wasn't provided for a user).
```
